readme.md, before:

# EvangelicalMagazinePlugin
Custom WordPress plugin for the [Evangelical Magazine website](https://www.evangelicalmagazine.com/). Provided here as a help to other developers who are creating WordPress sites for print magazines. This plugin adds Custom Post Types for articles, authors, issues, sections and series, plus a handful of useful widgets. It's compatible with the [Instant Articles for WP](https://en-gb.wordpress.org/plugins/fb-instant-articles/) plugin, and is designed to be used in conjunction with the [EvangelicalMagazineTheme](https://github.com/markbarnes/EvangelicalMagazineTheme).

## Support
No support is offered for this plugin. It was not created with distribution in mind, has no user-configurable options and although it may work out of the box in another context (so long as you edit classes/fb_access_tokens_sample.php), it's intended to be forked. It's published here purely as a help to other developers (particularly those working for non-profits) who need something similar and want to minimize development time.

## License
This plugin is developed and copyrighted by [Mark Barnes](https://www.markbarnes.net) and licenced under [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

Commit message:

Use Google Analytics data for page views.

readme.md, after:

# EvangelicalMagazinePlugin
Custom WordPress plugin for the [Evangelical Magazine website](https://www.evangelicalmagazine.com/). Provided here as a help to other developers who are creating WordPress sites for print magazines. This plugin adds Custom Post Types for articles, authors, issues, sections and series, plus a handful of useful widgets. It's compatible with the [Instant Articles for WP](https://en-gb.wordpress.org/plugins/fb-instant-articles/) plugin, and is designed to be used in conjunction with the [EvangelicalMagazineTheme](https://github.com/markbarnes/EvangelicalMagazineTheme).

It (optionally) uses Google Analytics data to calculate the most viewed articles. To configure this:
1. Download the latest version of `google-api-php-client.zip` [from GitHub](https://github.com/google/google-api-php-client/releases).
2. Extract the `src` and `vendor` folders, and place them in `libraries/google-api-client`
3. Open `google-api-credentials_sample.json` and follow the instructions there.

If Google Analytics is not configured, the app will default to its own simple statistics.

## Support
No support is offered for this plugin. It was not created with distribution in mind, has no user-configurable options and although it may work out of the box in another context (so long as you edit `classes/fb_access_tokens_sample.php`), it's intended to be forked. It's published here purely as a help to other developers (particularly those working for non-profits) who need something similar and want to minimize development time.

## License
This plugin is developed and copyrighted by [Mark Barnes](https://www.markbarnes.net) and licenced under [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).
